README.md, before:

# [Locale](https://uselocale.com): The Laravel localization tool

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/uselocale/locale-laravel.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/uselocale/locale-laravel)
[![GitHub Tests Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/uselocale/locale-laravel/run-tests?label=tests)](https://github.com/uselocale/locale-laravel/actions?query=workflow%3Arun-tests+branch%3Amain)
[![GitHub Code Style Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/uselocale/locale-laravel/Check%20&%20fix%20styling?label=code%20style)](https://github.com/uselocale/locale-laravel/actions?query=workflow%3A"Check+%26+fix+styling"+branch%3Amain)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/uselocale/locale-laravel.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/uselocale/locale-laravel)

[Locale](https://uselocale.com) is the first localization platform specifically built for Laravel. Forget the old-fashioned email exchanges between teams and translators that always slow down project development, manage translations with our admin panel and smoothly synchronize the files with your project using our simple package commands.

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Locale screenshot" src="https://uselocale.com/img/landing/screenshot.png">
</p>

## Installation

Follow the details provided on [Locale](https://uselocale.com) after creating a new project.

## Available commands

### Setup
```bash
php artisan locale:setup
```
You only need to run this command once. It will upload your existing translations to Locale and prepare your local files to be synced in the future.

Your local files will be reformatted but won't change their content.

### Sync
```bash
php artisan locale:sync
```

Run this command to upload any new translation keys to Locale and download updates on all your target languages.

If there's any conflict during the process, you'll receive a confirmation message.

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security Vulnerabilities

Please review [our security policy](../../security/policy) on how to report security vulnerabilities.

## Credits

- [Creagia](https://creagia.com)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Update README with new features

README.md, after:

# [Locale](https://uselocale.com): The Laravel localization tool

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/uselocale/locale-laravel.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/uselocale/locale-laravel)
[![GitHub Tests Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/uselocale/locale-laravel/run-tests?label=tests)](https://github.com/uselocale/locale-laravel/actions?query=workflow%3Arun-tests+branch%3Amain)
[![GitHub Code Style Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/uselocale/locale-laravel/Check%20&%20fix%20styling?label=code%20style)](https://github.com/uselocale/locale-laravel/actions?query=workflow%3A"Check+%26+fix+styling"+branch%3Amain)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/uselocale/locale-laravel.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/uselocale/locale-laravel)

[Locale](https://uselocale.com) is the first localization platform specifically built for Laravel. Forget the old-fashioned email exchanges between teams and translators that always slow down project development, manage translations with our admin panel and smoothly synchronize the files with your project using our simple package commands.

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Locale screenshot" src="https://uselocale.com/img/landing/screenshot.png">
</p>

## Installation

Follow the details provided on [Locale](https://uselocale.com) after creating a new project.

## Available commands

### Setup
```bash
php artisan locale:setup
```
You only need to run this command once. It will upload your existing translations to Locale and prepare your local files to be synced in the future.

Your local files will be reformatted but won't change their content.

### Sync
```bash
php artisan locale:sync
```

Run this command to upload any new translation keys to Locale and download updates on all your target languages.

If there's any conflict during the process, you'll receive a confirmation message.

#### Forcing Sync to run

Syncing your translation will update your local files with new translations for Locale and upload new translations to Locale.
To keep you informed and in control with everything, you will be prompted for a confirmation before the command is executed. To
force the command to run without a prompt, use the `--force` flag:

```bash
php artisan locale:sync --force
```

#### Purge unused translations

By default, nothing is deleted from Locale. If you delete translation keys from your local code and sync, translations will
still be available from Locale. This is useful if you are working with multiple branches or some big new features. 

However, sometimes you really need to delete old and unused translation keys from Locale. To do that, use the `--purge` flag:

```bash
php artisan locale:sync --purge
```

> **Warning**
> All keys that are not present in the current local branch will be permanently deleted.

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security Vulnerabilities

Please review [our security policy](../../security/policy) on how to report security vulnerabilities.

## Credits

- [Creagia](https://creagia.com)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.
